Devops interview one of the person.
interview persons also dont have full knowledge 
we can easly crack it, no need to worry , 
Theoreticall knowdgle,
branching strategies ??
terraform commands wat u use?
how many Environemnts?

15-20 interviews attend
how many environments ?
we can clearly clear the interview
whats is docker, docker commands  
what is terraform, 
confidence is the key , for any interview
k8 upgrade? k8 admin will take care of k8 upgrade.
anti affinity vs affinity ?
CMD vs entry point difference ?
k8 arcitrce?
cordan and unkordan in k8?
taint vs tolaration?
ansible playbook for nginx? 
terrafom 
ansible syntax for a playbook
terraform module ?
jenkins shared library write in interview?
terraform lo security store where will you do ????  we  store security by using "ssm parameters".

state file where do you store???   we place content in S3 bucket but not in github.
voice lo full confidence and imagination then can do anything.

IT lo  only few mem know completely, rest know only few 
shell scripting
CICD full
triggers, webhook, 
crediantials were we store , 
nexus to jenkins ela chesthunnaru.
DOcker , k8, terraform.
pod , we can describe

10% ppl know what they are doing , remaining  antha just  do day work thats it.
we are able to learn and work

if talking as a requesting with HR then they feel not genuine 

aws services we need to focus.

-------------------

ingress 
on-prem to aws 
Important Question: for cost optimization? 
aws lo we have any option  "aws compute optimizer " or cost optimizer.

we need to enable "aws compute optimizer " , so ec2 open , elastic IP uddress kinda "under provision"  or "over provisined", if we monitor "one week" monitor then we will get suggestion saying under provision or over provisioned.
so we get 3 options , aws will give options by suggesting required plan. based on the suggestion recommendations  we can reduce the cost of application  based on this we saved 1000 of dollers.

if we remove "public IP" usage when not required we can reduce, its also a security implementation  and also cost cutting implemented.
Unnecessary  volumes untai, we create instace and deletes , in volumes unattached volumes , we can check with stackholder and  we remove unwantted it also save cost. 

for DB instance -->dont go for G-series 

----------------------------





